docs(Fx132): HTTP/2 Server Push is now deactivated by default in most major browsers (#36149)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/save-data/index.md

different markup and styling, disabled polling and automatic updates, and so on.

> [!NOTE]

> > Disabling HTTP/2 Server Push ({{RFC("7540", "Server Push", "8.2")}}) may reduce data downloads, although this feature is no longer supported by default in most major browser engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Disabling HTTP/2 Server Push ({{RFC("7540", "Server Push", "8.2")}}) may reduce data downloads.
> Note that this feature is no longer supported by default in most major browser engines.
```
